Theory -
● What is Emmet?
Emmet is a plugin for many popular text editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow.

● Difference between a Library and Framework?
  Library - your code  have  a control on the library i.e if you want to do calculation then u can make 
         use of library addition function. Example- React js
  Framework - The frame work controls the code.That's why it is called 'INVERSION OF CONTROL'. Example: Springframework,Angular js.
  
  For more deatils:  https://www.interviewbit.com/blog/framework-vs-library/

● What is CDN? Why do we use it?
   CDN - known as content delivery network.
   It is a group of servers which worked together inorder to provide fast delivery of internet content.
   Allows quick transfer of assests( html,js and son on...) needed for loading internet content.
   Majority of web traffic (traffic of facebook, netflix and so on) is served through CDN

● Why is React known as React?
React is named React because of its ability to react to changes in data.

● What is crossorigin in script tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
A request from one domain (domain1) is made to an another domain(domain2) to access " style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts".
Then CORS come into picture.
It totally depends on domain (here domain2) whether they want to share it or not.
example:: crossorigin = "*" , no retriction anyone can use it, shared among all.
          crossorigin = "use-credentials" , used by mentoned use-credentials only.


● What is diference between React and ReactDOM
React: React is a javascript library, designed for building better user interfaces.

React-DOM: React-DOM is a complimentary library to React which glues React to the browser DOM

In a nutshell, Whenever we use component, classes, elements, etc. We’re using React
 and whenever we use methods like render() or findDOMNode() we’re using React-DOM
 
 The Split
Why did the React team decide to split React and React-DOM into two different libraries?

Because React-DOM binds the idea of React to a web browser. 
And ideally, React has nothing to do with a browser or web for that matter. That’s why we’re seeing tools and frameworks like React-Native, React-Three being developed. 
These tools and frameworks don’t use React-DOM, but they do in fact use the idea behind React.

● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
 react.development.js is plain js files while react.production.js is the minify js files

● What is async and defer? 
Normal java script::
<script src = "script.js"></script>

1.)html parsing paused when it founds a script tag.
2) downlaod the script content and starts executing also.
3)Once script content executed the html resume its parsing.

Asyn JS::
<script async src = "script.js"></script>

1) html parsing and script downloading is done in parallel manner.
2) Once script downloaded , html parsing paused and script execution started.
3)Once execution completed then html parsing resume.

defer js::
<script defer src = "script.js"></script>

1) html parsing and script downloading is done in parallel manner.
2) script is executed only after the HTML parsing is finished.

